are you ready for the best weekend ever
yes
[Music]
hey Jojo my old friend ayah Dolph little
man they call me a scared rabbit let
them say whatever they want
people used to say a lot of nasty things
about me oh this guy's would lunatic oh
look at that psycho he's gonna get us
all killed
[Music]
you know when you're in bed at night and
the lights are off can't see anything
[Music]
the people I chase
they live in the dog you're the good
news or the bad news that they found a
lot of unidentified DNA in that house
and the good news it's your job to get
inside his head find out what he's done
bring the other girls what a reckless he
was a judge and step down while his
family was murdered
I'm not surprised if I watch her up
against them the endless voice in a
predators head that says do it do it
[Applause]
it's possible he's been here since
yesterday afternoon press is outside
they want Steve
he's getting out started to take comfort
in knowing that there others out there
just like that he's baiting you and you
fell for it
I need more time together this is bigger
than we thought
[Music]
[Applause]
Simon what have you done
[Music]
search for the fugitives known as the
Devil's Rejects resulted in a violent
clash with police chances for survival
are less than a million to one
there's no justice in this world I am
justice
[Music]
now we can have a real bigot did
password
[Music]
I'm just a clown dancing for the sins of
mankind
at your school
this is my desk acting I love it
[Music]
hello America did you miss me
three from home
there's not much time you got to be
miles away from me a bulldog where is
she follow that no stop if they're no
stars just follow a river listen for
them
fear is your enemy
Oh easy now I'ma be for your dad I don't
know if you know how extraordinary this
is but you have made it 100 miles to
freedom all by yourself would you like
to pick a new name to mark your freedom
heritable
[Music]
you are welcome here any time if I'm
freed my family should be too I made up
my mind I'm going back
you're confident compose their trouble
columns you'll be ready papers says here
you five and half feet tall
you ain't more than five feet muscle on
my habbo said day
hi Becky hey how come it bring all of
you to freedom do you know what would
happen if you got caught you got lucky
Harry I made it this far mom so don't
you tell me what I can do
[Music]
Harriet welcome to the Underground
Railroad
everybody everywhere is looking for you
God don't mean people to own people
sandesh thief and burn her at the stake
I will keep every last drop of blood in
my face
until this master cost slavery is be
ready
[Music]
girl of my species I'm the only one I
ever saw yo yeah he was just a newborn
when it happens
do I have the plague no don't have the
play but just because people who aren't
getting sick anymore doesn't mean that
the world is right again when will it be
ready Ken that's balanced you know what
I kind of like it just you and me yeah
me too can I help you sir
and your boy here spice this is my stuff
how many boy looking for any more
company sir
and I bet
[Music]
it's bedrooms with feds no can we stay
normally it's a safe place to be looking
for me cuz I'm a girl
what do you want we commit her very cold
I've got a little char there seems me
been at this a long time I wonder what
the toll is
you've just got to keep her close
what if someone hurt me I'll always be
with you even if someone tied me up and
stab me and knocked me down and put me
in a block of ice and shot me in the
bottom of the ocean then I'll get up and
I'll be free
I'll come find you and I'll keep you in
your debt has fast food gotten healthier
absolutely as fast food truly turned a
corner to find out I could go back on an
all fast you diet but something tells me
this calls for a different approach I
want to start my own fast-food
restaurant you're crazy
tell me what kind of food the most eaten
animal on the planet chicken if I can
have the farm that brings the chickens
to the restaurant that's a good story go
forth and find your chickens
I am your chicken father that is a lot
of chickens my free-range cage-free no
hormones added humanely raised natural
chickens I can get the USDA's skill of
approval sounds wait until we start to
realize how much of that is labeling
what's the smallest space we can give
them it would still be quantified as
prearranged free-range welcome to your
fluorescent lids restaurant everywhere
you touch is just greasy and sticky it's
like somebody cleaning the grill with
like cleaning solvent Oh research is
what this is welcome to chicken
corporate reading whoa they've been
health washing the dirty unhealthy truth
fresh green herbs skip health halo the
term fried has evolved to crispy
artificial grill marks you can paint
them on with dark food coloring
how healthy are our sandwiches I think
that answers my question
what if there was a company that was
completely honest with their customers
well why would they do that for people
actually ready for a 100% honest food
experience
[Applause]
[Music]
well look it's Hollow you can actually
put it on like a mitt and should not be
able to do this with a chicken when
those seats are filled and when the
lights go down there's that moment
suspended in time we're waiting for the
magic to begin
[Music]
they cut you all I need is a shot you
guys have made a piano player not in 30
years
we use our choreographer sander rains
you missed a ton I don't need to see it
again I can do the turn funny
[Music]
Oh an audition for your show it works of
deli
we need a star thunder dawn says the
star I can't put that on the marquee
okay I'll sign the deal she'll be
starring in free Dawn's I need you to
help me with her to make this show work
they're called backup dancers cuz
they're always one step behind the star
I need to show to be certain I am lonely
brilliant I want that too she's
phenomenal
what exactly is going on between you and
Xander so she bared her soul out there
for you today
[Music]
[Applause]
you're strong you're very talented prove
yourself
[Music]
we're just trying to build little bits
of the puzzle what do you remember about
the incident I like this one
look at the map where were you when it
happened I don't remember well you came
around
did you see people yes
what were they doing
they were dead we are an awful I like
you we both went through but sooner we
get back to a normal routine the better
[Music]
all right Blackwell said he sent me
exactly where I needed to be into who I
needed to be with yes your mother dead
too
yes
I knew you were there and I know what
else was in that room
the goldfish before and after everything
is before and after in the middle is the
painting
Oh
that's life
Beefalo miracle after mirror
it survives
there's something important I have to
tell you
until you is it lost
[Music]
even the tiniest things means something
[Applause]
who took the paint
[Music]
everything would be broken forever
maybe some post cool to them can come
from bed
[Music]
who's my thought she died
I would have given it back I swear
[Music]
[Applause]
for years the people in this town told
lies about me then locked me away called
me a monster now we will get the monster
they have a whole desert Zehra bellows
this book the stories write themselves
and it all comes alive who came up with
all the sick stuff
[Music]
the jingling man is coming
I'm afraid that we woke something up
Sara bellows is a mess do you know what
you have done you don't read the book
the book reads you
oh sweet I'm gonna tie down
[Music]
you're not gonna run put up a fight
time keeps marching on another we can do
about it
nineteen years
scores have to be celled
the world's changed since your day old
man do you think you're going pops
that's a 2 to 6 clone let's suck on it
you kids like them because you think
they look cool
truth is it's one of the most unreliable
firearms in the world what else you want
in a 9-millimeter something Italian
[Music]
is it really worth it people are gonna
die either way what if you get killed
first
at least I get to take shield down with
me
[Music]
hey I'm going for Fred Rogers in here
it's a beautiful day in this
neighborhood a beautiful day for a
neighbor would you be mine could you be
mine
please forgive me my neighbor
hello neighbor mr. Rogers I'm here to
interview you it is so nice to meet you
okay hold on
mr. Rogers Lloyd please don't want my
childhood this piece will be for an
issue about heroes do you consider
yourself a hero we are trying to get the
world positive ways of dealing with it
feelings
now Mike what
many things you can do
you could play all the lowest keys on a
piano at the same time
[Music]
you love broken people
like me
sometimes we have to ask for help and
that's okay
the best thing we can do is to let
people know
[Music]
that each one of them is preface
hey mr. Rogers it's a beautiful
neighborhood a beautiful day per
neighbor please won't you me my neighbor
was wonderful
[Music]